Feature/custom properties (#780)
MapsPeople/docs: src/various/custom-properties.md

You have the option of adding Custom Properties to any piece of geodata within MapsIndoors. They can be anything that makes sense for you in building your app.

## Creating Custom Properties

Custom Properties are created for each Location, defined using a `key` and a `value`. This is found in a section in the menu for each Location.

![custom-properties](/assets/various/custom-properties.png)

## Reading Custom Properties

The method for reading and using these custom properties depends on which platform you're developing for. Here are some examples:

<mi-tabs>
<mi-tab label="iOS" tab-for="iOS"></mi-tab>
<mi-tab label="Android" tab-for="Android"></mi-tab>
<mi-tab label="Web" tab-for="Web"></mi-tab>
<mi-tab-panel id="iOS">

![custom-properties-cms-example](/assets/various/custom-properties-cms-example.png)

Using the above screenshot as an example basis you fetch the entire custom property using the following code:

```swift

> let data = location.getField(forKey: "field name")

Reviewer: To be completely consistent:

```suggestion
let data = location.getField(forKey: "email")
```

```

To retrieve individual segments of the property, you can use:

```swift
let text = data.text
let value = data.value
let type = data.type
```

* `let text = data.text` retrieves the content of the `key` field, and in the given example, would return `email`.
* `let value = data.value` retrieves the content of the `value` field, and in the given example, would return `123@email.com`.
* `let type = data.type` retrieves the type of the Custom Property, and will in most known cases return `text`.

</mi-tab-panel>
<mi-tab-panel id="Android">

![custom-properties-cms-example](/assets/various/custom-properties-cms-example.png)

Using the above screenshot as an example basis you fetch the entire custom property using the following code:

```java

> DataField data = location.getField("field name");

Reviewer: To be completely consistent:

```suggestion
DataField data = location.getField("email");
```

You have the option of adding Custom Properties to any piece of geodata within MapsIndoors. They can be anything that makes sense for you in building your app.

## Creating Custom Properties

Custom Properties are created for each Location, defined using a `key` and a `value`. This is found in a section in the menu for each Location.

![custom-properties](/assets/various/custom-properties.png)

## Reading Custom Properties

The method for reading and using these custom properties depends on which platform you're developing for. Here are some examples:

> <mi-tabs>

Reviewer: As the examples are being shown side by side, it would make sense to use the same example instead of three different examples.

Reviewer 2: I second that 🙂

Author: We can absolutely do that, but then you'll have to supply me with said examples 😉 I think currently Android is the best and clearest one, so I'd argue it makes sense to use that as a baseline. I can fairly easily rework the Web one to match that structure, but iOS code makes no sense to me, bluntly speaking...

Reviewer: Replicating the Android (Java) examples for iOS (Swift):

---

```swift
let data = location.getField(forKey: "field name")
```

To retrieve individual segments of the property, you can use:

```swift
let text = data.text
let value = data.value
let type = data.type
```

Author: Thank you Christian :-) @markhougaard can you give me something similar for the web app? It wasn't as straightforward to do myself as I'd hoped...

Reviewer 2: @JG1995 Please ask a web developer to provide you with the examples you need.

To get the content of a custom property, the method `getFieldForKey:` can be used.

For example, if the custom property had the name `Area Name`, you would do as follows:

```swift
let area: String = location?.getField(forKey: "area name")?.value ?? ""
```

</mi-tab-panel>
<mi-tab-panel id="Android">

![custom-properties-android](/assets/various/custom-properties-android.png)

Using the above screenshot as an example basis - To fetch the entire custom property, you use the following:

```java
DataField data = location.getField("field name");
```

To retrieve individual segments of the property, you can use:

```java
String text = data.getText();
String value = data.getValue();
String type = data.getType();
```

* `data.getText();` retrieves the content of the `key` field, and in the given example, would return `email`.
* `data.getValue();` retrieves the content of the `value` field, and in the given example, would return `123@email.com`.
* `data.getType();` retrieves the type of the Custom Property, and will in most known cases return `text`.

</mi-tab-panel>
<mi-tab-panel id="Web">

![custom-properties-android](/assets/various/custom-properties-android.png)

> Using the above screenshot as an example basis - To fetch the `value` value of a custom property (also known as the `field`), you use `location.properties.fields[key].value`. In an example, that would look like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the above screenshot as an example, you fetch the `value` value of a custom property (also known as the `field`) with `location.properties.fields[key].value`. In code, it could look like this:
```
